Doc: new doc about trigger (#1415)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/user-guide/trackers/administration/configuration/hierarchy.rst

.. _Tracker-hierarchy:

Configuration of tracker hierarchy 
==================================

Overview
````````

> Tracker hierarchy is part of :ref:`Triggers` configuration.

Reviewer: No, hierarchy can be set without triggers (but the reverse is not true)

> The tracker hierarchy could be seen as a helper. 

Reviewer: Before that, you should have a sentence that explains the aim of the feature. 

Example: 'Tracker hierarchy aims to define a parent/child relationship between trackers".

.. _Tracker-hierarchy:

Configuration of tracker hierarchy 
==================================

Overview
````````

> The configuration of the tracker hierarchy can be set without :ref:`triggers<Triggers>` but the opposite is not possible.
> The feature Tracker hierarchy aims to define parent/child relationship between trackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature Tracker hierarchy aims to define parent/child relationship between trackers.

You may want to define automation based on this parent/child relationship, have a look at :ref:`triggers<Triggers>`  to configure that.
```
